Add `UKCC8` tournament article (#6445)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/UKCC/8/en.md

- FreeMod
  - [Susumu Hirasawa - Pacific Rim Imitation Network (Gens) [KIRBY Mix]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/31119#osu/105143)
  - [GLORYHAMMER - Rise of the Chaos Wizards (Stunter) [Through the Dark Galactic Skies]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/990188#osu/2170985)
  - [t+pazolite - Magical Higan Tour 2009 (DJNightmare) [Collab]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/40609#osu/128775)
- Tiebreaker
  - **[gmtn. (witch's slave) - furioso melodia (Alumetorz) [Wrath]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/280107#osu/633993)**

### Finals

- NoMod
  - [Belmont - Overstepping (Sharkie) [Extreme]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/665580#osu/1408543)
  - [xi remixed by cosMo@bousouP - FREEDOM DiVE [METAL DIMENSIONS] (Cherry Blossom) [Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/905158#osu/1907933)
  - [Kuroneko Dungeon - Ryoushi no Umi no Lindwurm (Crystal) [Yoru's Expert]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/405167#osu/890915)
  - [Endorfin. vs Feryquitous - Sincuvate (Nokris) [Nokris. vs NeilPerry]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/739011#osu/1559554)
  - [Kohmi Hirose - Promise (Luscent) [geddan]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1094694#osu/2287891)

>   - ["Cranky vs. MASAKI - ouroboros -twin stroke of the end- (celerih) [Flask's Expert]"](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1052054#osu/2226504)

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion
  - [Cranky vs. MASAKI - ouroboros -twin stroke of the end- (celerih) [Flask's Expert]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1052054#osu/2226504)
```

Author: 🤷

- Tiebreaker
  - **[Thank You Scientist - My Famed Disappearing Act (Theaceae) [Perish]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/765338#osu/1609182)**

### Qualifiers

- NoMod
  - [Feint - Snake Eyes (feat. CoMa) Full Vers. (byfar) [yheja lamo]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/331643#osu/928642)
  - [ZUTOMAYO - Kan Saete Kuyashiiwa [Luscent's Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1001507#osu/2167576)
  - [Seiryu - Critical Crystal (Priti) [wa's Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/199535#osu/475805)
- Hidden
  - [Taku Inoue - Yoake made Ato 3 Byou (Nerova Riuz GX) [apaffy's Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/768893#osu/1643448)
  - [ONE OK ROCK - NO SCARED (HabiHolic) [Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/119277#osu/306278)
- HardRock
  - [Arctic Monkeys - Still Take You Home (Milan-) [BOUYAAA's Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/631466#osu/1491730)
  - [DJ YOSHITAKA - Bloody Tears(IIDX EDITION) (Gabi) [Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/6598#osu/29731)
- DoubleTime
  - [ITO KASHITARO - Boku no Hosomichi (Raose) [Journey]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/394691#osu/859034)
  - [Hana - Sakura no Uta (Alyce) [Light Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/376552#osu/824390)

> ## Match Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Match results
```

Friday, 17 April 2020:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **10man?** | **5** | 1 | Business Tour Online TM | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60536479) |

Saturday, 18 April 2020:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **will is minecart** | **5** | 0 | will win by no show | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60575178) |
| **Who Needs DT Anyway?** | **5** | 1 | obato mit brot | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60567941) |

Sunday, 19 April 2020:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| zyphox big noob | 0 | **5** | **Werther's Originals** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60622403) |
| **Maids of Neuroscience** | **5** | 0 | Goin't'MosqueBro | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60626868) |
| **Diu Lei Lou Mo** | **5** | 1 | Degenerates buying gf | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60626908) |
| smol players smol scores | 1 | **5** | **Karthy and AJT's Team** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60618166) |
| :nandos: | 4 | **5** | **Gaurdian's of Valhalla** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60618200) |

> ### Group Stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Group stage
```

| Sauces In The Cupboard | 0 | **1** | **Roll up, Spark up.** | *forfeit* |

#### Group H

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Karthy and AJT's Team | 2 | **5** | **zyphox big noob** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60325031) |
| **Karthy and AJT's Team** | **5** | 4 | Daveid gives osu a go | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60329065) |
| **Karthy and AJT's Team** | **5** | 0 | Divert | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60285157) |
| **zyphox big noob** | **5** | 3 | Daveid gives osu a go | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60370260) |
| **zyphox big noob** | **1** | 0 | Divert | *forfeit* |
| **Daveid gives osu a go** | **5** | 2 | Divert | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/60331413) |

### Qualifiers

See the [Qualifiers results sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qBNQMfkLaujAMj8mQW4gTvejIhm6Wz7TOlS32IZOr64/edit#gid=174781692) for a breakdown of the qualification results.

## Ruleset

- This tournament is a 2v2 double-elimination British osu! tournament.
- The structure of the tournament will be:

>   - One qualification rounds where 32 teams progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - One qualification round where 32 teams progress
```

>   - Group stage where 16 team progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Group stage where 16 teams progress
```

>   - Double Elimination Bracket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Double-elimination bracket
```

> - To be able to participate, players must have an **![][flag_GB] United Kingdom or ![][flag_IE] Ireland flag or be able to provide proof of residency to the hosts.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To be able to participate, players must have a **![][flag_GB] United Kingdom or ![][flag_IE] Ireland flag or be able to provide proof of residency to the hosts**.
```

> - Ranks will be taken during and when signups end. If your teams rank after signups end is under 1000, you will not be eligible to participate in the tournament.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ranks will be taken during and at the end of signups. If your team rank after signups end is under 1000, you will not be eligible to participate in the tournament.
```

- Matches will be **Team Vs**, with **ScoreV2** as the scoring system used.
- Ranks are used to calculate seeding. Once the tournament starts, your rank is locked and will not affect your seed.
- All staff (apart from the hosts, mappool selectors and referees) are allowed to participate in the tournament.

> - All players are to treat staff and other participants with a high level of respect. Any kind of mistreatment on the discord server or during matches (this includes homophobia, racism and toxicity) will result in a **ban** and will be **blacklisted** from participating from future UKCC tournaments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All players are to treat staff and other participants with a high level of respect. Any kind of mistreatment on the Discord server or during matches (this includes homophobia, racism and toxicity) will result in a **ban** and the offending player will be **blacklisted** from participating from future UKCC tournaments.
```

- ***Where rules do not prevail, common sense shall. The administration has explicit discretion to apply their judgement on this as they see fit.***
- Players are **required** to join the public Discord server so that they are contactable by other players and staff. If a player can't be contacted or is not responding to messages through Discord, in-game messages, or forum PMs, contact the staff.
- Mappools are to be released the Monday before a stage is due to happen.

### Reschedules

> - Schedules for the next round are released on the Monday before a stage is due to happen and **all** matches will be scheduled for the weekend. You can reschedule for weekdays at the staffs discretion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Schedules for the next round are released on the Monday before a stage is due to happen and **all** matches will be scheduled for the weekend. You can reschedule for weekdays at the staff's discretion.
```

> - In order to reschedule, you must contact your opponents, agree on a time and be able to provide **proof** (by form of a screenshot/image) of the agreed reschedule to the Hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In order to reschedule, you must contact your opponents, agree on a time, and be able to provide **proof** (by form of a screenshot/image) of the agreed reschedule to the hosts.
```

> - In effort to ensure as many matches take place as possible, reschedules are allowed up to **2 hour before your match is due to be played**. However, your opponent holds the right to **refuse a reschedule if asked less than 12 hours from the scheduled time**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In effort to ensure that as many matches take place as possible, reschedules are allowed up to **2 hours before your match is due to be played**. However, your opponent holds the right to **refuse a reschedule if asked less than 12 hours from the scheduled time**.
```

> - If it is impossible to find a time to reschedule to that suits both teams, both teams should talk to the Hosts (Bae- or Yazzehh) and we will attempt to sort something out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it is impossible to find a time to reschedule to that suits both teams, both teams should talk to the hosts ([Bae-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6576972) or [Yazzehh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7068973)) who will attempt to sort something out.
```

- If a match needs rescheduling to a time after a related losers’ bracket match, the matches relying on the outcome of the rescheduled match will be rescheduled by staff and 24 hours will be given for rescheduling them, if needed.

### Pre-match

- Referees will create the lobby approximately **10 minutes** before the match is due to start.
- Teams have a 10 minute grace period after their scheduled match time to join the lobby. If a player fails to join the lobby in this time, then the default win will go to the other player. If both teams do not show up, both teams will recieve losses.
- We take no-shows seriously, if you fail to show up to your match without valid reason, you may forfeit your right to future UKCC tournaments.
- The referee cannot play during the match.

### Rolling

- When both teams are in the lobby and ready, the referee will ask the teams to !roll. The order of picks of bans is decided using the [UKCC 4 roll system](https://i.imgur.com/S0VIvni.png).

### Banning

- Teams will have **two** bans.
- Teams have **2 minutes** to ban a map. Failure to ban a map within this time limit results in a lost ban.

### Warmups

> - There will be no warmups in Qualification rounds. After this, warmup maps must be a submitted beatmap, and have a drain time of 4 minutes or less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There will be no warmups in Qualification rounds. After this, warmup maps must be submitted beatmaps, and have a drain time of 4 minutes or less.
```

### Picking

- Teams have **2 minutes** to pick a map. Failure to pick a map within this time limit results in pick choice being passed to the opposing player.

> - For Freemod picks, teams must select any combination of the following mods: **Hidden, HardRock**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For FreeMod picks, teams must select any combination of **Hidden or HardRock**.
```
